[DOCS] Adds cat data frame analytics API (#52764)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cat/dataframeanalytics.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="platinum"]
[[cat-dfanalytics]]
=== cat {dfanalytics} API
++++
<titleabbrev>cat {dfanalytics}</titleabbrev>
++++

Returns configuration and usage information about {dfanalytics-jobs}.

[[cat-dfanalytics-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

`GET /_cat/ml/data_frame/analytics/<data_frame_analytics_id>` +

`GET /_cat/ml/data_frame/analytics`

[[cat-dfanalytics-prereqs]]
==== {api-prereq-title}

If the {es} {security-features} are enabled, you must have the following 
privileges:

* cluster: `monitor_ml`
  

> For more information, see <<security-privileges>> and <<built-in-roles>>.

Reviewer: You don't mention any built-in roles, so I think it's more useful to link to the full list of privileges required by ML:
```suggestion
For more information, see <<security-privileges>> and {ml-docs}/setup.html[Set up {ml-features}].
```
